and you son of man
and you son of man prophesy
prophesy
prophesy against God and say thus says the Lord
against God and say thus says the Lord
against God and say thus says the Lord God behold I am against you Oh the
God behold I am against you Oh the
God behold I am against you Oh the Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal and i
Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal and i
Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal and i will turn you around and lead you on
will turn you around and lead you on
will turn you around and lead you on bringing you up from the far north and
bringing you up from the far north and
bringing you up from the far north and bring you against the mountains of
bring you against the mountains of
bring you against the mountains of israel and i will not the bow out of
israel and i will not the bow out of
israel and i will not the bow out of your left hand and cause the arrows to
your left hand and cause the arrows to
your left hand and cause the arrows to fall out of your right hand you shall
fall out of your right hand you shall
fall out of your right hand you shall fall upon the mountains of israel you
fall upon the mountains of israel you
fall upon the mountains of israel you and all your troops and the peoples who
and all your troops and the peoples who
and all your troops and the peoples who are with
are with
are with I will give you two birds of prey of
I will give you two birds of prey of
I will give you two birds of prey of every sort and to the beasts of the
every sort and to the beasts of the
every sort and to the beasts of the field to be devout you shall fall on the
field to be devout you shall fall on the
field to be devout you shall fall on the open field for I have spoken and I will
open field for I have spoken and I will
open field for I have spoken and I will send fire on mega and on those who live
send fire on mega and on those who live
send fire on mega and on those who live in security in the coastlands then they
in security in the coastlands then they
in security in the coastlands then they shall know that I am the Lord
shall know that I am the Lord
shall know that I am the Lord so I will make my holy name known in the
so I will make my holy name known in the
so I will make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel and I will not
midst of my people Israel and I will not
midst of my people Israel and I will not let them profane my holy name
let them profane my holy name
let them profane my holy name anymore then the nations shall know that
anymore then the nations shall know that
anymore then the nations shall know that I am the Lord the Holy One in Israel
I am the Lord the Holy One in Israel
I am the Lord the Holy One in Israel surely it is coming and it shall be done
surely it is coming and it shall be done
surely it is coming and it shall be done this is the day of which I have spoken
this is the day of which I have spoken
this is the day of which I have spoken then those who dwell in the cities of
then those who dwell in the cities of
then those who dwell in the cities of Israel will go out and set on fire and
Israel will go out and set on fire and
Israel will go out and set on fire and burn the weapons both the shields and
burn the weapons both the shields and
burn the weapons both the shields and buckler's the bows and arrows the
buckler's the bows and arrows the
buckler's the bows and arrows the javelins and Spears and they will make
javelins and Spears and they will make
javelins and Spears and they will make fires with them for seven years they
fires with them for seven years they
fires with them for seven years they will not take wood from the field
will not take wood from the field
will not take wood from the field nor cut down any from the forests
nor cut down any from the forests
nor cut down any from the forests because they will make fires with those
because they will make fires with those
because they will make fires with those weapons and they will plunder those who
weapons and they will plunder those who
weapons and they will plunder those who plundered them and pillage those who
plundered them and pillage those who
plundered them and pillage those who pillaged them it will come to pass in
pillaged them it will come to pass in
pillaged them it will come to pass in that day that i will give GOG a burial
that day that i will give GOG a burial
that day that i will give GOG a burial place there in israel the valley of
place there in israel the valley of
place there in israel the valley of those who pass by east of the sea and it
those who pass by east of the sea and it
those who pass by east of the sea and it will obstruct travelers because there
will obstruct travelers because there
will obstruct travelers because there they will bear a god and all his
they will bear a god and all his
they will bear a god and all his multitude therefore they will call it
multitude therefore they will call it
multitude therefore they will call it the valley of amon göth
the valley of amon göth
the valley of amon göth for seven months the house of Israel
for seven months the house of Israel
for seven months the house of Israel will be burying them in order to cleanse
will be burying them in order to cleanse
will be burying them in order to cleanse the land indeed all the people of the
the land indeed all the people of the
the land indeed all the people of the land will be buried and they will gain
land will be buried and they will gain
land will be buried and they will gain renown
renown
renown for it on the day that I am glorified
for it on the day that I am glorified
for it on the day that I am glorified says the Lord God
says the Lord God
says the Lord God they will set apart men regularly
they will set apart men regularly
they will set apart men regularly employed with the help of a search party
employed with the help of a search party
employed with the help of a search party to pass through the land and bury those
to pass through the land and bury those
to pass through the land and bury those bodies remaining on the ground in order
bodies remaining on the ground in order
bodies remaining on the ground in order to cleanse it at the end of seven months
to cleanse it at the end of seven months
to cleanse it at the end of seven months they will make a search the search party
they will make a search the search party
they will make a search the search party will pass through the land and when
will pass through the land and when
will pass through the land and when anyone sees a man's bone he shall set up
anyone sees a man's bone he shall set up
anyone sees a man's bone he shall set up a marker by it till the barriers have
a marker by it till the barriers have
a marker by it till the barriers have buried it in the valley of Haman GOG the
buried it in the valley of Haman GOG the
buried it in the valley of Haman GOG the name of the city will also be hamona
name of the city will also be hamona
name of the city will also be hamona thus they shall cleanse the land and as
thus they shall cleanse the land and as
thus they shall cleanse the land and as for you
for you
for you son of man thus says the Lord God speak
son of man thus says the Lord God speak
son of man thus says the Lord God speak to every sort of bird and to every beast
to every sort of bird and to every beast
to every sort of bird and to every beast of the field assemble yourselves and
of the field assemble yourselves and
of the field assemble yourselves and gather together from all sides to my
gather together from all sides to my
gather together from all sides to my sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing
sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing
sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing for you a great sacrificial meal on the
for you a great sacrificial meal on the
for you a great sacrificial meal on the mountains of Israel that you may eat
mountains of Israel that you may eat
mountains of Israel that you may eat flesh and drink blood you shall eat the
flesh and drink blood you shall eat the
flesh and drink blood you shall eat the flesh of the mighty drink the blood of
flesh of the mighty drink the blood of
flesh of the mighty drink the blood of the princes of the earth of Rams and
the princes of the earth of Rams and
the princes of the earth of Rams and lambs of goats and bulls
lambs of goats and bulls
lambs of goats and bulls all of them fatlings of bation you shall
all of them fatlings of bation you shall
all of them fatlings of bation you shall eat fat till you are full and drink
eat fat till you are full and drink
eat fat till you are full and drink blood till you are drunk at my
blood till you are drunk at my
blood till you are drunk at my sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing
sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing
sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing for you you shall be filled at my table
for you you shall be filled at my table
for you you shall be filled at my table with horses and riders with mighty men
with horses and riders with mighty men
with horses and riders with mighty men and with all the men of war says the
and with all the men of war says the
and with all the men of war says the Lord God I will set my glory among the
Lord God I will set my glory among the
Lord God I will set my glory among the nations all the nations shall see my
nations all the nations shall see my
nations all the nations shall see my judgement which I have executed and my
judgement which I have executed and my
judgement which I have executed and my hand which I have laid on them so the
hand which I have laid on them so the
hand which I have laid on them so the house of Israel shall know that I am the
house of Israel shall know that I am the
house of Israel shall know that I am the Lord their God
Lord their God
Lord their God from that day forward the Gentiles shall
from that day forward the Gentiles shall
from that day forward the Gentiles shall know that the house of Israel with into
know that the house of Israel with into
know that the house of Israel with into captivity for their iniquity because
captivity for their iniquity because
captivity for their iniquity because they were unfaithful to me therefore I
they were unfaithful to me therefore I
they were unfaithful to me therefore I hid my face from them I gave them into
hid my face from them I gave them into
hid my face from them I gave them into the hand of their enemies and they all
the hand of their enemies and they all
the hand of their enemies and they all fell by the sword according to their
fell by the sword according to their
fell by the sword according to their uncleanness and according to their
uncleanness and according to their
uncleanness and according to their transgressions I have dealt with them
transgressions I have dealt with them
transgressions I have dealt with them and hidden my face from them therefore
and hidden my face from them therefore
and hidden my face from them therefore thus says the Lord God now I will bring
thus says the Lord God now I will bring
thus says the Lord God now I will bring back the captives of Jacob and have
back the captives of Jacob and have
back the captives of Jacob and have mercy on the whole house of Israel and I
mercy on the whole house of Israel and I
mercy on the whole house of Israel and I will be jealous for my holy name
will be jealous for my holy name
will be jealous for my holy name after they have borne their shame and
after they have borne their shame and
after they have borne their shame and all their unfaithfulness in which they
all their unfaithfulness in which they
all their unfaithfulness in which they were unfaithful to me when they dwelt
were unfaithful to me when they dwelt
were unfaithful to me when they dwelt safely in their own land and no one made
safely in their own land and no one made
safely in their own land and no one made them afraid when I have brought them
them afraid when I have brought them
them afraid when I have brought them back from the peoples and gathered them
back from the peoples and gathered them
back from the peoples and gathered them out of their enemy's lands and I am
out of their enemy's lands and I am
out of their enemy's lands and I am hallowed in them in the sight of many
hallowed in them in the sight of many
hallowed in them in the sight of many nations then they shall know that I am
nations then they shall know that I am
nations then they shall know that I am the Lord their God who sent them into
the Lord their God who sent them into
the Lord their God who sent them into captivity among the nations but also
captivity among the nations but also
captivity among the nations but also brought them back to their land and left
brought them back to their land and left
brought them back to their land and left none of them captive any longer and I
none of them captive any longer and I
none of them captive any longer and I will not hide my face from them anymore
will not hide my face from them anymore
will not hide my face from them anymore for I shall have poured out my spirit on
for I shall have poured out my spirit on
for I shall have poured out my spirit on the house of Israel says the Lord God
the house of Israel says the Lord God
the house of Israel says the Lord God [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you